OSD-17611 : Adding information on Managed Scripts release cycles (#124)
openshift/managed-scripts: README.md

## `metadata.yaml`

All `metadata.yaml` shall pass validation against `hack/metadata.schema.json` see [here](https://json-schema.org/) for more details

## Release Cycle

> Managed Scripts follows the following release cycle :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Managed Scripts has the following release cycle:
```

### Staging:

> The staging environment will use the latest main branch of the managed-scripts github repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The staging environment is pinned to consume the main branch of the managed-scripts repository.
```

### Production:

> Every 3 weeks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once every 3 weeks.
```

> For more information, please refer [Backplane Release Cycles](https://source.redhat.com/groups/public/sre/wiki/backplane_user_documentation)

Reviewer 2: Same as the backplane-cli, I do not think we need to put the internal link in the public repo

Author: Updated

> For more information, please refer [Backplane Relase Cycles](https://source.redhat.com/groups/public/sre/wiki/backplane_user_documentation#isPasted5)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, please refer [Backplane Release Cycles](https://source.redhat.com/groups/public/sre/wiki/backplane_user_documentation)
```
